Readthedocs (#534)
ucb-bar/hammer: doc/Technology/Tech-defaults.rst

.. _tech-defaults:

Hammer Tech defaults.yml
===============================

> The ``defaults.yml`` for a technology specifies some technology-specific Hammer IR that should be left as default unless you desire to override them. Some of the them work directly with the keys in the ``tech.json``.

Author: This too seems redundant

Most of the keys in the ``defaults.yml`` are a part of the ``vlsi`` and ``technology`` namespaces. An example of the setup of the ``defaults.yml`` is located in ``hammer/src/hammer-vlsi/technology/asap7/defaults.yml`` and certain important keys should be common to most technology plugins:

> * ``vlsi.core.node`` defines the node that the P&R node expects. It affects what kind of licenses are needed.

Author: ```suggestion
* ``vlsi.core.node`` defines the node that the place-and-route tool expects. It affects what kind of licenses are needed.
```
